- [Male Instructor] In this lesson, we'll build
a small Angular application that uses
the client SDK that we generated from SwaggerHub.
If you would like to follow along, you must have
Node.js, Angular and Visual Studio Code installed
on your workstation.
To get started, I'm going to navigate to the course
workspace where I've positioned several zip files.
The first zip file is the hsports client app zip file.
It contains a small Angular application that's provided
within the exercise files for this lesson.
Let's go ahead and extract this Angular app into
the root of our course workspace.
Once that's extracted, we're going to extract
the hsports catalog client zip file.
If you remember, this is the client SDK that we generated
from SwaggerHub in the last lesson.
Just go ahead and extract this right into
our course workspace directory and then what we need to do
is navigate into the hsports catalog client directory.
This directory contains all of the code
for our client SDK.
We're going to copy that code and then we're going to navigate
over to the hsports client app,
this is the Angular application,
and within the source app res directory we're going
to pace the client SDK.
Okay, at this point we can navigate
to Visual Studio Code and we're going
to open that folder.
So click on open folder, navigate to the course workspace
directory, and then open the hsports client app directory.
At this point the hsports client app is loaded
within Visual Studio Code and we can go ahead
and open a new terminal.
Within the terminal, I'm just going to clear it
in order to save some space.
Now we can use the Node package manager to install
the packages within our Angular application.
To do this, we issue the NPM install command.
Okay, it looks like all of our NPM packages have loaded,
let's clear the console and now
we can serve our application.
It looks like the app's up and running, so let's navigate
to a browser where we can access the application
on our local host at port 4200.
Here we see the basic Angular app in action.
It was able to send an API call back to the virtual server
running on SwaggerHub and here we see the results.
The one thing you'll notice, we're unable to load
an image from the virtual server.
That's because it doesn't have the image files
for the API, we'll get to that later.